README.md, before:

# Yolo DeepStream

##  Description

This repo have 4 parts:
### 1) yolov7_qat
In [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat), We use [TensorRT's pytorch quntization tool](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/tools/pytorch-quantization) to Finetune training QAT yolov7 from the pre-trained weight. 
Finally we get the same performance of PTQ in TensorRT on Jetson OrinX. And the accuracy(mAP) of the model only dropped a little.

### 2) tensorrt_yolov7
In [tensorrt_yolov7](tensorrt_yolov7), We provide a standalone c++ yolov7-app sample here. You can use trtexec to convert FP32 onnx models or QAT-int8 models exported from repo [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat) to trt-engines. And set the trt-engine as yolov7-app's input. It can do detections on images/videos. Or test mAP on COCO dataset.

### 3) deepstream_yolo
In [deepstream_yolo](deepstream_yolo), This sample shows how to integrate YOLO models with customized output layer parsing for detected objects with DeepStreamSDK.

### 4) tensorrt_yolov4
In [tensorrt_yolov4](tensorrt_yolov4), This sample shows a standalone tensorrt-sample for yolov4.

## Performance
For YoloV7 sample:

Below table shows the end-to-end performance of processing 1080p videos with this sample application.
- Testing Device : 

  1. Jetson AGX Orin 64GB(PowerMode:MAXN + GPU-freq:1.3GHz + CPU:12-core-2.2GHz)

  2. Tesla T4

|Device      |precision      |Number <br>of streams | Batch Size | trtexec FPS| deepstream-app FPS<br>with cuda-post-process |deepstream-app FPS<br> with cpu-post-process|
|-----------    |-----------    |----------------- | -----------|----------- |-----------|-----------|
|  Orin-X|  FP16         |  1               |     1      |       126  | 124       |   120     |
|  Orin-X|  FP16         |  16              |    16      |       162  | 145       |   135     |
|  Orin-X|  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  1               |     1      |       180  | 175       |   128      |
|  Orin-X|  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  16              |    16      |       264  | 264       |   135      |
|  T4    |  FP16         |  1               |     1      |      132   |    125    |  123      |
|  T4    |  FP16         |  16              |    16      |      169   |   169     |   123     |
|  T4    |  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  1               |     1      |     208    |   170     |    127    |
|  T4    |  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  16              |    16      |     305    |  300      |   132      |


- note: trtexec cudaGraph not enabled as deepstream not support cudaGraph

## Code structure
```bash
├── deepstream_yolo
│   ├── config_infer_primary_yoloV4.txt # config file for yolov4 model
│   ├── config_infer_primary_yoloV7.txt # config file for yolov7 model
│   ├── deepstream_app_config_yolo.txt # deepStream reference app configuration file for using YOLOv models as the primary detector.
│   ├── labels.txt # labels for coco detection # output layer parsing function for detected objects for the Yolo model.
│   ├── nvdsinfer_custom_impl_Yolo 
│   │   ├── Makefile
│   │   └── nvdsparsebbox_Yolo.cpp 
│   └── README.md 
├── README.md
├── tensorrt_yolov4
│   ├── data 
│   │   ├── demo.jpg # the demo image
│   │   └── demo_out.jpg # image detection output of the demo image
│   ├── Makefile
│   ├── Makefile.config
│   ├── README.md
│   └── source
│       ├── generate_coco_image_list.py # python script to get list of image names from MS COCO annotation or information file
│       ├── main.cpp # program main entrance where parameters are configured here
│       ├── Makefile
│       ├── onnx_add_nms_plugin.py # python script to add BatchedNMSPlugin node into ONNX model
│       ├── SampleYolo.cpp # yolov4 inference class functions definition file
│       └── SampleYolo.hpp # yolov4 inference class definition file
├── tensorrt_yolov7
│   ├── CMakeLists.txt
│   ├── imgs # the demo images
│   │   ├── horses.jpg 
│   │   └── zidane.jpg
│   ├── README.md
│   ├── samples 
│   │   ├── detect.cpp # detection app for images detection
│   │   ├── validate_coco.cpp # validate coco dataset app
│   │   └── video_detect.cpp # detection app for video detection
│   ├── src
│   │   ├── argsParser.cpp # argsParser helper class for commandline parsing
│   │   ├── argsParser.h # argsParser helper class for commandline parsing
│   │   ├── tools.h # helper function for yolov7 class
│   │   ├── Yolov7.cpp # Class Yolov7
│   │   └── Yolov7.h # Class Yolov7
│   └── test_coco_map.py # tool for test coco map with json file
└── yolov7_qat
    ├── doc
    │   ├── Guidance_of_QAT_performance_optimization.md # guidance for Q&DQ insert and placement for pytorch-quantization tool
    ├── quantization
    │   ├── quantize.py # helper class for quantize yolov7 model
    │   └── rules.py # rules for Q&DQ nodes insert and restrictions
    ├── README.md 
    └── scripts
        ├── detect-trt.py # detect a image with tensorrt engine
        ├── draw-engine.py # draw tensorrt engine to graph
        ├── eval-trt.py # the script for evalating tensorrt mAP
        ├── eval-trt.sh # the command lne script for evaluating tensorrt mAP
        ├── qat.py # main function for QAT and PTQ
        └── trt-int8.py # tensorrt build-in calibration
```

Commit message:

Updated README.md / Improved eval-trt.sh / Fix bug --project_name on qat.py

README.md, after:

# Yolo DeepStream (with Some Enhancements)


### This repository exclusively focuses on Enhancements to the [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat) ###
1. Implemented End-to-End support for ONNX export (Efficient NMS).
2. Enabled the utilization of pycocotools with Custom Dataset.
3. Enhanced support for reading YAML data in the Dataset (dataloader).
4. Optimized input parameters for improved compatibility.
5. Added experiments dir support by introducing input arguments that facilitate specifying the location for model saving.
#### Check [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat) for further details.  ####


#


##  Description

This repo have 4 parts:
### 1) yolov7_qat
In [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat), We use [TensorRT's pytorch quntization tool](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/tools/pytorch-quantization) to Finetune training QAT yolov7 from the pre-trained weight. 
Finally we get the same performance of PTQ in TensorRT on Jetson OrinX. And the accuracy(mAP) of the model only dropped a little.

### 2) tensorrt_yolov7
In [tensorrt_yolov7](tensorrt_yolov7), We provide a standalone c++ yolov7-app sample here. You can use trtexec to convert FP32 onnx models or QAT-int8 models exported from repo [yolov7_qat](yolov7_qat) to trt-engines. And set the trt-engine as yolov7-app's input. It can do detections on images/videos. Or test mAP on COCO dataset.

### 3) deepstream_yolo
In [deepstream_yolo](deepstream_yolo), This sample shows how to integrate YOLO models with customized output layer parsing for detected objects with DeepStreamSDK.

### 4) tensorrt_yolov4
In [tensorrt_yolov4](tensorrt_yolov4), This sample shows a standalone tensorrt-sample for yolov4.

## Performance
For YoloV7 sample:

Below table shows the end-to-end performance of processing 1080p videos with this sample application.
- Testing Device : 

  1. Jetson AGX Orin 64GB(PowerMode:MAXN + GPU-freq:1.3GHz + CPU:12-core-2.2GHz)

  2. Tesla T4

|Device      |precision      |Number <br>of streams | Batch Size | trtexec FPS| deepstream-app FPS<br>with cuda-post-process |deepstream-app FPS<br> with cpu-post-process|
|-----------    |-----------    |----------------- | -----------|----------- |-----------|-----------|
|  Orin-X|  FP16         |  1               |     1      |       126  | 124       |   120     |
|  Orin-X|  FP16         |  16              |    16      |       162  | 145       |   135     |
|  Orin-X|  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  1               |     1      |       180  | 175       |   128      |
|  Orin-X|  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  16              |    16      |       264  | 264       |   135      |
|  T4    |  FP16         |  1               |     1      |      132   |    125    |  123      |
|  T4    |  FP16         |  16              |    16      |      169   |   169     |   123     |
|  T4    |  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  1               |     1      |     208    |   170     |    127    |
|  T4    |  Int8(PTQ/QAT)|  16              |    16      |     305    |  300      |   132      |


- note: trtexec cudaGraph not enabled as deepstream not support cudaGraph

## Code structure
```bash
├── deepstream_yolo
│   ├── config_infer_primary_yoloV4.txt # config file for yolov4 model
│   ├── config_infer_primary_yoloV7.txt # config file for yolov7 model
│   ├── deepstream_app_config_yolo.txt # deepStream reference app configuration file for using YOLOv models as the primary detector.
│   ├── labels.txt # labels for coco detection # output layer parsing function for detected objects for the Yolo model.
│   ├── nvdsinfer_custom_impl_Yolo 
│   │   ├── Makefile
│   │   └── nvdsparsebbox_Yolo.cpp 
│   └── README.md 
├── README.md
├── tensorrt_yolov4
│   ├── data 
│   │   ├── demo.jpg # the demo image
│   │   └── demo_out.jpg # image detection output of the demo image
│   ├── Makefile
│   ├── Makefile.config
│   ├── README.md
│   └── source
│       ├── generate_coco_image_list.py # python script to get list of image names from MS COCO annotation or information file
│       ├── main.cpp # program main entrance where parameters are configured here
│       ├── Makefile
│       ├── onnx_add_nms_plugin.py # python script to add BatchedNMSPlugin node into ONNX model
│       ├── SampleYolo.cpp # yolov4 inference class functions definition file
│       └── SampleYolo.hpp # yolov4 inference class definition file
├── tensorrt_yolov7
│   ├── CMakeLists.txt
│   ├── imgs # the demo images
│   │   ├── horses.jpg 
│   │   └── zidane.jpg
│   ├── README.md
│   ├── samples 
│   │   ├── detect.cpp # detection app for images detection
│   │   ├── validate_coco.cpp # validate coco dataset app
│   │   └── video_detect.cpp # detection app for video detection
│   ├── src
│   │   ├── argsParser.cpp # argsParser helper class for commandline parsing
│   │   ├── argsParser.h # argsParser helper class for commandline parsing
│   │   ├── tools.h # helper function for yolov7 class
│   │   ├── Yolov7.cpp # Class Yolov7
│   │   └── Yolov7.h # Class Yolov7
│   └── test_coco_map.py # tool for test coco map with json file
└── yolov7_qat
    ├── doc
    │   ├── Guidance_of_QAT_performance_optimization.md # guidance for Q&DQ insert and placement for pytorch-quantization tool
    ├── quantization
    │   ├── quantize.py # helper class for quantize yolov7 model
    │   └── rules.py # rules for Q&DQ nodes insert and restrictions
    ├── README.md 
    └── scripts
        ├── detect-trt.py # detect a image with tensorrt engine
        ├── draw-engine.py # draw tensorrt engine to graph
        ├── eval-trt.py # the script for evalating tensorrt mAP
        ├── eval-trt.sh # the command lne script for evaluating tensorrt mAP
        ├── qat.py # main function for QAT and PTQ
        └── trt-int8.py # tensorrt build-in calibration
```
